Thank you for assisting me. Your help is greatly appreciated.

When following these instructions, in general, please use your best judgement.
It's not imperative that you follow these instructions to the letter of the law,
except where you think it makes sense to do so. For example, if these
instructions state that "a section at the bottom should include the date and
time," these instructions do not mean that you should create a proper, formatted
_section header_ at the bottom of the document which states the date and time;
in that example, the _informal_ meaning of "section" is intended, as most
readers would probably agree. In other words, a bit of text at the bottom with
the date and time would be fine. On the other hand, if these instructions state
that a certain bit of text should appear at the very top of the returned result,
that text should indeed appear at the very top of the returned result; "near the
top" is not the same. I know you are intelligent and I trust your judgement in
interpreting these instructions reasonably.

If you are unsure about anything, you can ask any number of questions, within
reason, to clarify your understanding before you produce the final result.

Here are your specific instructions:

Please help me improve some rough notes I have taken. You may use any format you
think would be appropriate, as long as you also follow the instructions below.

Please provide two sections in your response, each clearly labelled. Label the
first section "Notes improved by AI". Label the section section "Raw notes". In
the first section, provide your improved notes, based on the rough notes
I shared with you. In the second section, provide an identical copy of the rough
notes I shared with you.

Directly below the first section header, please include the text, "These notes
were written with the help of AI based on rough notes that were provided to it."

Directly below the second section header, please include the text, "These are
the raw, rough notes that were provided to AI as input for the above, improved
notes."

Thank you very much for your help.
